chore: prepare Tokio v1.44.0 (#7202)
tokio-rs/tokio: tokio/CHANGELOG.md

# 1.44.0 (March 7th, 2025)

> This release changes the `from_std` method on sockets to panic if provided a
> blocking socket, which may be breaking for some users. We are making this
> change to fix one of Tokio's most common footguns. Please comment on [#7172] if
> this causes an issue for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release changes the `from_std` method on sockets to panic if a blocking
socket is provided. We determined this change is a breaking change as Tokio is not
intended to operate using blocking sockets. Doing so results in runtime hangs and
should be considered a bug. Accidentally passing a blocking socket to Tokio is one
of the most common user mistakes. If this change causes an issue for you, please
comment on [#7172].
```
